Dutch-language (NL) lawyer-linguists
------------------------------------

Reference number: 

EPSO/AD/407/23

  

Open for application

14/09/2023

Deadline

24/10/2023 - 12:00 (Brussels time)

Grade: 

AD 7

  

Institution/Agency

[Court of Justice](/en/institutions/court-justice)

Type of contract

[Permanent official](/staff-categories)

Location(s): 

Luxembourg (Luxembourg)

  

Selection procedure

4\. Selection procedure (valid in all cases) - without sample tests link

* The selection procedure contains several stages. Unless the date and time is confirmed, all timing should be considered indicative.
* We will communicate with you through your EPSO account.  There you will find all the information related to your progress in the procedure, such as invitations to the tests and your test results.
* Please check your EPSO account **at least twice a week** during the selection procedure.
* You should be aware that it is not enough to obtain pass marks for the tests.  
    Only the very top scorers pass to the next stage  of the selection procedure

Type of tests for Lawyer-linguists (AD) - Court of Justice

See some [samples](/node/13573)

Competition overview

This information is indicative. EPSO reserves the right to change the information shown at any time, and regularly publishes updates.

EPSO only publishes the approximate number of candidates admitted to the main stages of the competition.

Final and confirmed information/planning is sent solely via the letters and messages in the candidates’ EPSO accounts.

Please note that **all tests will be done via remotely proctored testing**.

Competition stage

Period/State

Number of candidates

Minimum score

Deadline to submit supporting documents

14/12/2023

[Source](https://eu-careers.europa.eu/en/job-opportunities/dutch-language-nl-lawyer-linguists)