Policy officers in the area of nuclear energy
---------------------------------------------

Reference number: 

EPSO/AD/411/23 - 2

  

Open for application

19/10/2023

Deadline

08/12/2023 - 12:00 (Brussels time)

Grade: 

AD 7

  

Institution/Agency

[EU institutions](/en/institutions/eu-institutions)

[(JRC) Joint Research Centre](/en/institutions/jrc-joint-research-centre)

Type of contract

[Permanent official](/staff-categories)

Location(s): 

Luxembourg (Luxembourg), Geel (Belgium), Petten (The Netherlands), Karlsruhe (Germany), Ispra (Italy), Brussels (Belgium), Seville (Spain)

  

Before you decide if you want to apply for this/these selection procedure/s **read all the important documents** to ensure that you meet all the eligibility requirements on the date you validate your application.

It's ”[EASI](https://ec.europa.eu/eusurvey/runner/EPSO-AD-411-23-2_EASI)\*” to check your eligibility.

  
\*Experience Assessment Survey Instrument (EASI): EASI is a tool aimed at providing optional feedback to interested candidates to help them understand better their likelihood of admission (eligibility) to a competition, based on their qualifications and professional experience, compared to the requirements laid down in the Notice of Competition. The feedback will only be shared with you and will not be shared with any member of the Selection Board.

Selection procedure

4\. Selection procedure (valid in all cases) - without sample tests link

* The selection procedure contains several stages. Unless the date and time is confirmed, all timing should be considered indicative.
* We will communicate with you through your EPSO account.  There you will find all the information related to your progress in the procedure, such as invitations to the tests and your test results.
* Please check your EPSO account **at least twice a week** during the selection procedure.
* You should be aware that it is not enough to obtain pass marks for the tests.  
    Only the very top scorers pass to the next stage  of the selection procedure

Application

3\. Application steps (generic all)

If you decide to apply please follow these instructions:

1.  [Create your EPSO account](https://europa.eu/epso/application/passport/index.cfm?action=pdplegal&sb=1&comp_id=&lang=en) if you do not already have one. It is strictly forbidden to have more than one EPSO account and you may be excluded at any stage of the selection procedure for having more than one account. Please check [our FAQ](https://eu-careers.europa.eu/help/faq/epso-account-application/epso-account) or contact us if you are unsure.
2.  Click on APPLY below.
3.  Log into your EPSO account.
4.  Check the [instructions](/help/faq/epso-account-application) on how to fill in the form. While applying, please make sure to follow the instructions on the screens.  
    Difficulties with accessibility? Accessibility is very important for EPSO and we are intensively working on continuously improving accessibility of our communication and selection procedures. Are you still encountering difficulties accessing some parts of our website and/or documents? Please [contact us](/contact/form_en)! We can provide you with accessible formats or assistance.
5.  Please refer to the Notice of Competition or the Call for expression of interest for instructions concerning the language(s) in which you must submit your application form.
6.  Filling in the application form is a lengthy procedure. We would advise you not to leave it until the last minute. EPSO cannot accept applications from candidates who fail to meet the stipulated deadline.
7.  Make sure to select the right grade/language/profile, when applicable. If you are not sure which grade/language/profile to select, please consult the Notice of competition or the Call for expression of interest.

Type of tests for Administrators (AD–Specialists)

See some [samples](/node/13572)

[Apply](https://europa.eu/epso/application/passport/login.cfm?comp_id=6050)

Competition overview

This information is indicative. EPSO reserves the right to change the information shown at any time, and regularly publishes updates.

EPSO only publishes the approximate number of candidates admitted to the main stages of the competition.

Final and confirmed information/planning is sent solely via the letters and messages in the candidates’ EPSO accounts.

Please note that **all tests will be done via remotely proctored testing**.

Competition stage

Period/State

Number of candidates

Minimum score

Deadline to submit supporting documents

10/01/2024

[Source](https://eu-careers.europa.eu/en/job-opportunities/policy-officers-area-nuclear-energy)